# Research-Assistant-Crypto
Application for Qodri Hassan

1. FINANCE

a. In economic theory, there are two types of variables namely stock and flow variables. Stock variables refers to those variables that are measured at a point in time, flow variables, on the other hand, refers to variables that are measured over a period of time.
The stock to flow ratio is the amount of a resource held in reserves(stock) divided by the amount of resources produced annually(flow). The stock to flow model is generally applied to natural resources which have an element of scarcity. For instance, in the case of gold, the World Gold Council estimates that around 190,000 tons of gold have ever been mined. This amount is what we can refer to as the stock. Meanwhile, there are about 2,500 – 3,200 tons of gold mined each year. This amount is what we refer to as the flow. Therefore, the stock to flow ratio for this instance would be calculated as 190,000/3,200.
The stock to flow ratio shows how much supply enters the market each year for a given resource relative to the total supply. The higher the stock to flow ratio, the less new supply enters the market relative to the total supply. As such, an asset with a higher stock to flow ratio should, in theory, retain its value well over the long-term.  
The stock to flow ratio treats bitcoins comparably to scarce commodities, like gold or silver. Hence, the bitcoin’s stock to flow model.
Gold and silver are often called store of value resources. They, in theory, should retain their value over the long term due to their relative scarcity and low flow. This is because it’s very difficult to significantly increase their supply within a short period of time.
Bitcoin is a similar resource to Gold and silver. It’s scarce, relatively costly to produce, and its maximum supply is capped at 21 million coins. Also, Bitcoin’s supply issuance follows a protocol which makes the flow completely predictable. According to the proponents of this model, these properties of Bitcoin makes it a scarce digital resource with profoundly compelling characteristics to retain value over the long term. According to model projections, Bitcoin’s price should see a significant increase over time due to its continually reduced stock to flow ratio.
This model however, comes with deficiencies both in theoretical proposition and its empirical foundation. Theoretically, the model assumes that the USD market capitalization of a monetary good is derived directly from their new rate of supply. No evidence or research has been provided to support this idea. This idea is also not applicable when applied to long run analysis or prediction of bitcoin worth.
In conclusion, the stock to flow metric says nothing about how market participants value commodities. Many cryptocurrencies which utilize Bitcoin’s code have the exact same supply schedule as Bitcoin and it is evident that their stock to flow values have nothing to do with their future (or current) valuation.  Therefore, we are left with a hypothesis that applies to no economic assets except bitcoin.

b. Stock price(P
